# OpenSSL_AES_File_Encryption_And_Decryption
Internship at Repia Search Solution company.

The role of my team was the research of making DRM and secure file transfering with encryption.
At that time, I didn't take security class so I had no idea with encryption algorithms or DRM. So, the first thing I had to do was search about DRM and look into them. And our team concluded that implementing whole DRM module is too difficult for us and there are high quality DRM services already.
 So our team started to find another secure file transfering method, and it was SSL. I also didn't know what is SSL so I studied about SSL, symmetric/asymmetric key encryption with ppt and voice record of security class(my fellow college student gave me). As a result, there are also very nice SSL already - OpenSSL, but it is open source so it is free to use. The only cost to use that method is the charge for getting an authentication certificate from CA(Certification Authority). But, actually the company didn't want to use the whole SSL. They required us to find out how to transfer the file from server to client and client to server. And they said this project will used only on office network.
 So we changed the direction to find out the fast file encryption/decryption method. After the team meeting, we decided to use AES algorithm. First, I found an AES encryption open source code from http://www.literatecode.com. The code worked anyway but it was too slow. And most of all, it was EBC mode. When I was searching about AES algorithm, I found the block encryption algorithm too.(Studied with pdf from http://www.parkjonghyuk.net/lecture/modernCrypto/lecturenote/chap04.pdf and this pdf is written in Korean.) And I realized EBC mode is not good for security. This code has one good point that it works on every OS - on Windows, MAC and Linux also. But we tried to use other code. At that time, I suggested that how about using AES algorithm in OpenSSL because I found OpenSSL has various encryption algorithms when I was searching about OpenSSL. And I found a webpage which compared various cryptography methods (https://panthema.net/2008/0714-cryptography-speedtest-comparison/). I gave my opinion that using OpenSSL built-in cryptography method is the best way. At that time, the company required us to find out java based file encryption module also. So we divided the work - I tried to implement java based file encryption, and my co-worker figure out how to use OpenSSL.
There was cryptography API in java, so I didn't need to implement the whole AES algorithm. So I look into API and implemented file encryption.
